I'm a busy guy.
Things to do! Places to go!
Over time, I've accumulated quite an inventory of items over my random meanderings .
The problem is carrying all that stuff around.
Son of a...
Storage cabinets. Closets. Sheds. They're all for wimps.
A real man carries all of his inventory at once.
So I need a solution and I needed it fast.
That's when I came across this pouch.
Boom!
Who's next?
Now it makes zero sense and defies all logic.
But it works!
You may wondering how the weight is evenly distributed.
Science.
The only downside
Is I'm temporarily blinded blinded everytime I have to get something out of my inventory.
*Painful grunt*
Thanks for the ride!
Hey, no problem, man.
Although it's bright out.
Definitely get my sunglasses on.
What about the driving part?
Let me get my sunglasses.
No. Okay. Hold on! We should...
This is getting intense.
Just relax, dude. It's okay.
But you're not even looking at the road.
Shhhhh.
It's okay. I've done this a lot.
Watch out!
I don't wanna die!
We're good. We're good. We're good. Shhhhh.
It's okay.
It's all right.
Can you stop at the store for pants?
Yeah! We can make a unplanned detour.
Pants. Thank you.
- Pants?
- Yes.
What about underwear?
Yes, that too.
Okay. We can do that. We can do that.
They should have that at the local pants store.
i'm fairly good at it.
But all my friends seem to get up in arms.
I've pretty much mastered the art of not being able to see.
There's really only one instance where it becomes a problem.
Hey babe.
How ya feeling?
Feelin' great!
Awww man!
What!?
Well this stinks!
Are you kidding me right now?
Start.
Is that what I mean to you?
Come on!
Finally!
No, no, no, no! I just...
Eh.
*Humming*